c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.dll.config
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.pdb
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.pdb
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.Domain.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.Domain.pdb
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
c:\users\jose.mesquita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
